I'm here on the addEvent Listener documentation page
and let's try out adding an event listener to this page.
We want our target to be the document.
Now, what type of event do we want to listen for?
Let's listen for a click and now,
the listener function. Now, let's run it.
Nothing's happened yet until we click on the page.
And let's click one more time.
We can see that the number here is changing,
meaning this message is being called additional times.
So click, click, click, click, click.
We can see all those clicks are getting counted and all the way up here to 22.
So each time the document is clicked,
this function is run and since I clicked the page 22 times,
this message right here was logged to the console 22 times.